projects/2CQ/README.md, before:

# 2CQSandBox

## Author

Michael D. Jones

## Description

Sanbox for what will eventually become the 2CQ (2 Channel Quant) quantizer. A 
quantizer takes a V/OCT. input and quantizes it to the nearest note in a
selected scale.

This quantizer has two channels who's settings can be adjusted by toggeling the
channel switch. 

* Channel switch: Select which channel is selected for setting adjustment.
* Reset button: Resets channel 2 settings to channel 1. This is helpful, for 
example, if you want to make sure both chanels are starting with the same scale.
* Scale knob: Select the scale. Position 1 is chromatic.
* Root knob: Select the scales root note
* Octave knob: Select the scales octave
* Sparse knob: Select the sparcity of the scale
* V/OCT. IN: Channel V/OCT. input 
* Gate IN: Gate ins for each channel. 
* Gate OUT: Gate out for each channel. If there is now gate input a gate will
be emitted if the note changes. Otherwise a gate will be emitted whenever an
input gate is recieved.
* V/OCT. OUT: Quantized V/OCT

## Build

[Flashing](https://github.com/electro-smith/DaisyWiki/wiki/1.-Setting-Up-Your-Development-Environment#4-Run-the-Blink-Example)
the Daisy via USB.

```bash
make clean ; make ; make program-dfu
```

Commit message:

Adde quant_voct to channel and estimated when gate and quant_voct assignments should be executed

projects/2CQ/README.md, after:

# 2CQ

## Author

Michael D. Jones

## Description

The 2CQ (2 Channel Quant) quantizer produces a new quantized V/OCT source per 
channel whenever a trigger is emitted. A trigger is emitted when either a trig
in is patched and a trigger or gate is sent or the trig in is not patched and
the calculated quantized voltage changes.

This quantizer has two channels who's settings can be adjusted by toggeling the
channel switch. 

* Channel switch: Select which channel is selected for setting adjustment.
* Reset button: Resets channel 2 settings to channel 1. This is helpful, for 
example, if you want to make sure both chanels are starting with the same scale.
* Scale knob: Select the scale. Position 1 is chromatic.
* Root knob: Select the scales root note
* Octave knob: Select the scales octave
* Sparse knob: Select the sparcity of the scale
* V/OCT. IN: Channel V/OCT. input 
* Gate IN: Gate ins for each channel. 
* Gate OUT: Gate out for each channel. If there is now gate input a gate will
be emitted if the note changes. Otherwise a gate will be emitted whenever an
input gate is recieved.
* V/OCT. OUT: Quantized V/OCT

## Build

[Flashing](https://github.com/electro-smith/DaisyWiki/wiki/1.-Setting-Up-Your-Development-Environment#4-Run-the-Blink-Example)
the Daisy via USB.

```bash
make clean ; make ; make program-dfu
```
